# -ELEMENT-MULTI-MODEL-RETINAL-VESSEL-SEGMENTATION-USING-CONVOLUTIONAL-NEURAL-NETWORK-AND-MACHINE-L
Element, it is the name of this framework that we are going to create by using machine learning engineering algorithms. We are creating this framework  to save the time of the doctors and the patients, so that the doctors can have a better look over the retinal extracted images and identify the disease that the patient is going through. Traditional way of detecting such diseases requires hard work, need human labour and also it is a laborious work and have 50-50% chances of accuracy. For traditional methods, doctors needs to observe the images scanned through MRI’s or CT Scan, but there are certain drawbacks with this scans. The problem is that, having frequent eye scans can damage the eye’s prefrontal or retinal vessels which may lead to other diseases. Doctor’s have to observe such scans which are not so clear and may create doubt on there decisions.  By implementing and using this framework, doctors don’t have to take frequent scans which will prevent the further damage of retinal vessels which cause by MRI scans. Once the image is taken, doctor can give it as input to this framework, which uses Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for image pre-processing. Here, image is all set to move to the further levels. Processed image is then send to CNN as an input where it works on the image and extracts vessel features  using max pooling, which we will be discussing later in this report. This framework is meant to create different images from a single input, such as gray scale image, feature-extracted image, segmented image and the final result as complete retinal segmented image. Using this different output images, Doctor can reach a conclusion easily and save the laborious hardwork and gives higher accuracy. Making this framework, will also make the use of CNN algorithm low-cost and highly efficient. 
